 Markus
 I think right now I would consider myself a local 
 I really like North Beach because it's there a lot of great restaurants it's at the beach so  
 I do know Alcatraz because it's one of the iconic things here in San Francisco so even when I didn't leave early probably seen our postcards and now that I'm here and when I go to North Beach like you can see Alcatraz. I haven't been to Alcatraz yet 
 I think as long as everything is included and tickets are $50 happy to pay 
 I will I know if there's a day during the night to her so I would prefer at night and enjoy chill with friends. 
Chantal
 So, I'm a student in San Francisco I don't think I'm like a traveler and I'm not local because I don't have like yeah the permanence to stay forever as long as I want 
 I want to visit and Ryland because it's actually beautiful and I've been there once I want to go there again 
 Yes I heard about it is quite a scary that I'm not so interested to go 
 Soum that I am not interested to go there but if the package is within $20 per person including water and napkins but still expensive I can stretch my boundaries to pay $20 
 Day as it is cheap 
Mia
 Consider myself lucky 
 I'm definitely a little it's away are you because they have a bunch of copies to go 
 I know I could drive never been there but I know because people talk about it and you know you are able to see it 
 honestly I don't even know if I want to spend too much money to just go do I get her a probably I don't know $10. I cannot afford any more than $10 
 Night 
Agustina 
 I travel because I just stay here six months 
 I think the Golden Golden Gate bridge is good because there is a representation of the San Francisco 
 I think there is a prison and I have heard about it, This being said, I have never been able to visit. 
 OK I feel maybe under the $20 in my budget and can afford. Gets too expensive here. 
 Day because Night package are costly.
Yolonda
 So happy to hear far recovery day 
 I have been to Golden gate Bridge couldn't get parking and also the bay bridge around on the Pier 39 and see people working on a PO 120 at a place that I have been here and I'm on my next target will be on Twin Peaks 
 I have heard of that what I can now is from the documentary is a kind of island surrounded by water and link it with a history of the present at the time of the day at the Granda job on the building not at all why I scabbing off the prisoners bad out right now is Voz isolated from the city so I would like to see you 
 Think I'll pay $50 to visit there because I heard that's a really good points to check the bay bridge and also the Golden Gate bridge can see the nice view of the sea and also there is some prison there so I think like 50 bucks should be a good time to enjoy. 
 Night time. That is when I party and chill
Shana 
 So happy to hear far recovery day
 I have been to Golden gate Bridge couldn't get parking and also the bay bridge around on the Pier 39 and see people working on a PO 120 at a place that I have been here and I'm on my next target will be on Twin Peaks
 I have heard of that what I can now is from the documentary is a kind of island surrounded by water and link it with a history of the present at the time of the day at the Granda job on the building not at all why I scabbing off the prisoners bad out right now is Voz isolated from the city so I would like to see you
 Think I'll pay $50 to visit there because I heard that's a really good points to check the bay bridge and party food and drinks also the Golden Gate bridge can see the nice view of the sea and also there is some prison there so I think like 50 bucks is great to have fun and chill.
 Night
Neel
 Since you were born pretend I'm a local and I've been here for 10 years
 Man everyone to come to San Francisco need to see the Golden bridge gate so that's number one and then probably take them to like around here 39 around think it's called I forget the name but it's Isabel or jail so take them there just have them have a lake view of the city
 I'm not I don't I'm not a size 8 in price and adventurous person
 Does the package include depending on what it includes it is just add I'll probably pay $55 if it includes more food and drinks like the Pier 39 I like so many other things then maybe more to enjoy with friends.
 Night
Justina
 I am not local I will not say I am a traveler because I am still in here but I came from Europe but not to travel to study
 An explorer CD and why so I'll probably I would start with some like taking them to get some food because the food here is amazing and you have so many different restaurants and Q3: Serrano on the attic and you need to really will pick the district where are you going to some of them are very dangerous I would take them to Golden gate but not to Golden gate Park because I can't use it once and it's not the same thing and yeah for sure let's go to the pier look for some other liking I'll like to see the day
 Oh I haven't been there because I think I like and we wanted to organize ourselves to go there but then finally we didn't but I want to go 
 the prices are very high I think and also I think $25 expensive and can afford it as it is worth it
 day and then you know sometimes it's too cold
Max
 I am an international student so you can count me as a traveler
 There's a lot of beautiful places in San Francisco but I would like to visit Arias in the bay area or outside the city, yes because I like to take pictures I'm interested in photography and this beautiful place is outside the city
 I watch the harry Potter and the prisoner of ask a band like Alcatraz but yeah I think I've heard of it and I've seen it
 Never been there
 I don't want to but if I had to go then I would go in the morning or afternoon but only if it is cheap and affordable and I would pay around $15-$20 thank you
Patricia
 I'm local
 Recommend the Golden Gate park because it's close to my house and there are a lot of things to do there you can also see your car go to Japanese tea Garden you can do a lot of things there
 No
 Well I'm not sure how much I think if I get free interest I would go dont want to spend too much money as it is not worth it
 day
David
 I'm a local
 I would recommend them to visit tenderloin because it's my favorite area and I think it's just amazing
 Yeah I've been in jail there
 It was good because we had clean clothes we would have free food every day and we didn't help to carry about anything at all it was like staying at a hotel
 Well it is expensive I'm quite busy at night because that's when I usually steal people but I would say that probably on the weekend I have more time to spare I would say $200 I can get that easily from a rich kid
Luis Pedro
 I am a traveler
 I will tell them to go to the golden gate bridge and also this I forgot the name of this part but you can a gets smashed over there you can have drinks you can smoke you can eat you can do whatever you want and it's fine
 Yeah a couple weeks ago I went with my psychologist in and did he give me a regression and it seems like in my past life I used to be there that's all that hurts
 I would pay for it $60 and chill with friends if it's a day package and if it's a nice package 80+ if you include food in any of those 20 bucks more
 Night
Jim
 What a local or travel I am at a local
 I would recommend not coming to San Francisco Art because it I think it's a horrible city Wednesday as we just saw my colleague here
 Yes Alcatraz and how do you like yeah I I have not been I don't like to go outside and I just don't like going to pri
 Francisco is so bloody expensive so around five dollars
 Night
Eduard
 I'm not a little person in San Francisco but I have been living here for two years
 the players marina cow Hollow in Golden Gate Park
 Yes I have heard Alcatraz the first time I knew where it was from the movie the road featuring plus page which is total flop right nowHave you been there no not yet
 I would only pay for the battery and a $3 dollar entrance no more than that in a costly city fee if I had to visit better. Everything is very expensive
 I would like to visit at night.
Sally
 Are use Edwards response I'm not local but I have been living here for three years
 Would recommend lens and half Moon Bay in Twin Peaks
 Contracts I haven't been there my friends visited are due and Halloween and they had a lot of fun
 I'm not excited to go to Alcatraz but I will probably spend $10-$20 at most. If i get water also. Cannot afford more than that.
 Night time 
Mavin
 No I'm in traveler
 OK that's pretty messy because it's every one of the most beautiful things we have is Landry is under the ocean so
 No I haven't
 I don't know pretty much about the place so I'm just thinking $1000 maybe. Anything for fun and cool day with friends to chill.
 Day time
Pan
 I'm a traveler
 Yes because it's one of the best place to be here and also the Hilton I will say it's a nice view you get up everywhere
 Yes I heard about Alcatraz and it's on Facebook videos about the prison break so yeah I am yeah that's pretty much it I need interesting because the outbreak of the
 Hi so I don't have any idea about the place I would like to spend mostly hundred dollars for maybe if I get good food and drinks with cruise trip.
 day time
Pat
 I'm a local here
 Friends visiting here we will probably go to the pier we will probably go to Napa Valley and expand outside of the city and like explains the nightlife in the city
 Alcatraz before I came to California is actually wrote known but I've never been before
 If I had to go to Alcatraz I would imagine spending $30 just because San Francisco is kind of expensive and that's usually around the rate for any entertainment
 Night time
Harsh
 I am a traveler
 OK I would recommend the north I'm in San Francisco has a lot of popular tourist spots at the Golden gate Twin Peaks the pure Alcatraz so I would
 Started from a couple of my friends when I was visiting San Francisco I asked them to tell me I have to
 Did check out the rates for Alcatraz I think it was about $30 sold and I think that is the most i can pay in expensive cities.
 Day time night will be too scary
Molly
 I am a local
 You said "I would recommend I would recommend my friends to travel to Golden Gate Park and Golden Gate Bridge because they're some of the most beautiful parts of San Francisco" You said "oh yes yeah you can my friends visiting San Francisco I would I would like to recommend them to travel at my home because I will prepare a really good food for them and I think that was it for them to leave and for traveler the top designation please to visit us because it's pretty nice"
 I've never been this bad a lot of people in services go recommend me to go there and I think I will recommend to my family or friend
 Probably 1000 or 2000 bucks. Get me the food and drinks please.
 Night time
Evgeniy
 And I stay in Walnut Creek which is one hour away from San Francisco.
 Recommend with my colleagues all my friends and my family to go to Pier 39 or go to Alcatraz cruises or go to Twin Peaks or go to the bay bridge
 I heard about Alcatraz from my family cousin and he said that the roads that are connected to the actress does not have a left or are you done it just goes right right right right there is no left I haven't been there yet because I don't have a car so once I get a car
 I like to save $200
 my friends visiting San Francisco would like to recommend them to travel at my home because I will prepare a really good food for them and I think that was it for them to leave and for traveler the top designation please to visit us because it's pretty nice
Yin Zi
 I have lived here for 2 years but not a local.
 I would say, Go to the piers and visit the bars.
 I have not heard about it.
 Maybe $15 should be just about fair, Though I am not really interested but can do no more than 15. Too costly you see.
 Day or night I am okay either way.
Pradeep
 I think I am a local here, Have stayed here for 4 years.
 Golden gate, Alcatraz, Piers and maybe restaurants around south san francisco.
 Yes I have been there, The boat ride to Alcatraz was the best part.
 I already know it, $50 dollars it is.
 I went there in the day so I would like to try in the night.
Sarayuth
 I am a visitor here
 I don't know many places but I liked the view around bridges.
 I have heard of it from my roommates, It is a jail. I am not really a big fan of prisons.
 Maybe $20. super expensive here.
 Night. I am  sleeping in the day time so.
Nick
 I am a student here, not a local.
 I hardly know places around here, I like the bay area. Places like Hayward, Fremont, San Jose.
 Yes I know about Alcatraz the old prison island. I would like to visit it. I have never visited a prison.
 $100 for cool time and fun. I would like to chill.
 Night time 
Shaun
 I am a local
 I thinkk golden gate bridge.
 Yes I have and I hate that place.
 only for free. Not spending any money for a trip that I am not interested in. Save my money, It is costly living here.
 None
Manatine
 I am a visitor here.
 I think beaches are really cool, Golden gate park as well
 No I don't know about it
 Maybe $200 if food and travel is included.
 Night time is interesting
Lisa
 Stayed here for 7 years so I think I am a local now.
 Country side drives away from bay area are really interesting.
 Yes I have and surprisingly I have never been there.
 I am not sure really, Less than $70. Hopefully I would like to go with my friends and family for some drinks there.
 night time. 
Harsh
 I am a local here.
 I think this city is expensive as shit, Maybe not visiting here is my best recommendation.
 Yes I have been there, That place is a prison that nobody would want to go to.
 No more than $10. Cannot afford any more than that.
 I would prefer night.
Christina
 I am a student here so visitor.
 I think pier and golden gate.
 No I have not heard about it.
 $500 for the entire package that includes food drinks and the cruise ticket
 night.


